[53.teams-messaging-extensions-action-preview]: Sample enhancement for adding user attribution for bot messages JavaScript/NodeJs (#3050)
microsoft/BotBuilder-Samples: samples/csharp_dotnetcore/53.teams-messaging-extensions-action-preview/README.md

Bot Framework v4 Teams Messaging Extension Action Preview sample.

This Messaging Extension has been created using [Bot Framework](https://dev.botframework.com). 
 - It shows how to create a simple card based on parameters entered by the user from a Task Module.

>  - It also display the scenairo where a Bot sends messages on behalf of a User, attributing the message to that user can help with engagement and showcase a more natural     interaction flow

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - It also displays the scenario where a Bot sends messages on behalf of a User. Attributing the message to that user can help with engagement and showcase a more natural interaction flow.
```
